# **Pairwise Data**
Raw data_pairwise fitness_growth curve.xlsx is an Excel workbook containing the following tabs:
- **Figure 1:** Relative fitness of the _gyrB_ D429N mutants compared to _gyrA_ 91S/95D _gyrB_ 429D. The _gyrB_ D429N mutant carried a kanamycin marker and was cocultured with the unmarked _gyrA_ 91S/95D _gyrB_ 429D strain. CFU values for both unmarked and KAN-marked plates at each timepoint are reported.
- **Figure 2:** Relative fitness of the _gyrB_ D429N mutants with various _gyrA_  alleles compared to its _gyrA_ -matched parent strain. The _gyrB_ D429N mutant carried a kanamycin marker and was cocultured with the unmarked parent strain. CFU values for both unmarked and KAN-marked plates at each timepoint are reported.
- **Figure 3:** Relative fitness of the _gyrA_ S91F strains with various _gyrA_ 95 alleles in the presence or absence of _gyrB_ D429N mutation. The _gyrA_ 91F strains containing various _gyrA_ 95 alleles in the presence or absence of _gyrB_ D429N mutation carried a kanamycin marker and was cocultured with the unmarked _gyrA_ S91F strain. CFU values for both unmarked and KAN-marked plates at each timepoint are reported.
- **Suppl Figure 1:** In vitro growth kinetics of isogenic GCGS0481 strains with different _gyrA_  alleles. All isogenic strains were cultured separately in liquid GCP media supplemented with Kellogg’s supplement at a starting absorbance reading at 600nm (OD600) = 0.1. OD600 and CFU readings at 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8 hours timepoint are reported.
- **Suppl Figure 2:** In vitro growth kinetics of isogenic GCGS0481 strains with _gyrB_ D429N in combination with different _gyrA_  alleles. All isogenic strains were cultured separately in liquid GCP media supplemented with Kellogg’s supplement at a starting absorbance reading at 600nm (OD600) = 0.1. OD600 and CFU readings at 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8 hours timepoint are reported.
- **Suppl Figure 3:** Relative fitness of the _gyrA_ 91S/95D _gyrB_ 429D strain compared to the _gyrB_ D429N mutants with various _gyrA_  alleles. The _gyrA_ 91S/95D _gyrB_ 429D strain carried a kanamycin marker and was cocultured with the unmarked _gyrB_ D429N mutant strain. CFU values for both unmarked and KAN-marked plates at each timepoint are reported.
- **Suppl Figure 4:** Relative fitness of the _gyrA_ -matched parent strains compared to the _gyrB_ D429N mutants with various _gyrA_  alleles. The _gyrA_ -matched parent strain carried a kanamycin marker and was cocultured with the unmarked _gyrB_ D429N mutant strain. CFU values for both unmarked and KAN-marked plates at each timepoint are reported.
- **Suppl Figure 5:** Relative fitness of the isogenic _gyrA_  mutant strains compared to the _gyrA_ 91S/95D strain. The _gyrA_  mutant strain carried a kanamycin marker and was cocultured with the unmarked _gyrA_ 91S/95D strain. CFU values for both unmarked and KAN-marked plates at each timepoint are reported.
- **Suppl Figure 6:** Relative fitness of the isogenic _gyrA_ 91S/95D compared to the _gyrA_  mutant strains. The _gyrA_ 91S/95D strain carried a kanamycin marker and was cocultured with the unmarked _gyrA_  mutant strains. CFU values for both unmarked and KAN-marked plates at each timepoint are reported.
- **Suppl Figure 7:** Relative fitness of the _gyrA_ 91F/95D strains compared to the _gyrA_ 91F strains containing various _gyrA_ 95 alleles in the presence or absence of _gyrB_ D429N mutation. The _gyrA_ 91F/95D strain (with or without _gyrB_ D429N) carried a kanamycin marker and was cocultured with the unmarked _gyrA_ 91F strains containing various _gyrA_ 95 alleles in the presence or absence of _gyrB_ D429N mutation. CFU values for both unmarked and KAN-marked plates at each timepoint are reported.
